hawkbit-extension-artifact-repository-s3/README.md, before:

# Eclipse hawkBit - Artifact Repository AWS S3
HawkBit Artifact Repository is a library for storing binary artifacts and metadata into the AWS S3 service.


## Using Artifact Repository S3 Extension
The module contains a spring-boot autoconfiguration for easily integration into spring-boot projects.
For using this extension in the hawkbit-example-application you just need to add the maven dependency.

```
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.eclipse.hawkbit</groupId>
  <artifactId>hawkbit-extension-artifact-repository-s3</artifactId>
  <version>${project.version}</version>
</dependency>
```

## Configuration of the S3 Extension

#### Bucket
All files are stored in a bucket configured via property `org.eclipse.hawkbit.repository.s3.bucketName` (see S3RepositoryProperties).
The name of the object stored in the S3 bucket is the SHA1-hash of the binary file.

#### S3 Credentials
The extension is using the `DefaultAWSCredentialsProviderChain` class which looks for credentials in this order:

1. Environment variables (AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY)
2. Java system properties (aws.accessKeyId and aws.secretKey)
3. Default credential profile file (~/.aws/credentials)
4. Amazon ECS container credentials
5. Instance profile credentials 

For more information check the [Amazon credentials guide](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/v1/developer-guide/credentials.html).

You can exchange the credentials provider by overwriting the `AWSCredentialsProvider` bean (see S3RepositoryAutoConfiguration).

Commit message:

Fix S3 Endpoint or Region configuration. (#55)
* Fix S3 endpoint or region configuration

Signed-off-by: Andrey Voronkov <avoronkov@enapter.com>

* MinIO section in S3 Extension README

Signed-off-by: Andrey Voronkov <avoronkov@enapter.com>

* Testing with signingRegion

Signed-off-by: Andrey Voronkov <avoronkov@enapter.com>

Co-authored-by: Andrey Voronkov <avoronkov@enapter.com>

hawkbit-extension-artifact-repository-s3/README.md, after:

# Eclipse hawkBit - Artifact Repository AWS S3
HawkBit Artifact Repository is a library for storing binary artifacts and metadata into the AWS S3 service.


## Using Artifact Repository S3 Extension
The module contains a spring-boot autoconfiguration for easily integration into spring-boot projects.
For using this extension in the hawkbit-example-application you just need to add the maven dependency.

```
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.eclipse.hawkbit</groupId>
  <artifactId>hawkbit-extension-artifact-repository-s3</artifactId>
  <version>${project.version}</version>
</dependency>
```

## Configuration of the S3 Extension

### Bucket
All files are stored in a bucket configured via property `org.eclipse.hawkbit.repository.s3.bucketName` (see S3RepositoryProperties).
The name of the object stored in the S3 bucket is the SHA1-hash of the binary file.

### S3 Credentials
The extension is using the `DefaultAWSCredentialsProviderChain` class which looks for credentials in this order:

1. Environment variables (AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY)
2. Java system properties (aws.accessKeyId and aws.secretKey)
3. Default credential profile file (~/.aws/credentials)
4. Amazon ECS container credentials
5. Instance profile credentials

For more information check the [Amazon credentials guide](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/v1/developer-guide/credentials.html).

You can exchange the credentials provider by overwriting the `AWSCredentialsProvider` bean (see S3RepositoryAutoConfiguration).

### Using with MinIO
[MinIO](https://min.io/) is a high performance, Kubernetes-friendly object storage
1. Setup MinIO with `MINIO_DOMAIN` environment variable is set. For example `minio.acme.com`
2. Create your bucket. For example `hawkbit`
3. Use Java system property `aws.s3.endpoint=http://minio.acme.com:9000` if MinIO runs on the default port and is not secured by HTTPS
4. Set up a DNS record for `hawkbit.minio.acme.com` to point to your MinIO server. Ensure `9000` port is open for HawkBit
5. When storing objects HawkBit relies on it can resolve `hawkbit.minio.acme.com` and can connect to `9000` port
